docs: Update pydantic compatibility (#25145)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/how_to/pydantic_compatibility.md

Because Pydantic does not support mixing .v1 and .v2 objects, users should be aware of a number of issues
when using LangChain with Pydantic.

> ::caution

Author: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

> While we support Pydantic V2 objects in some APIs, we generally recommend that until LangChain 0.3.x users 

Author: ```suggestion
While LangChain supports Pydantic V2 objects in some APIs (listed below), it's suggested that users keep using Pydantic V1 objects wait until LangChain 0.3.x.
```

> While LangChain supports Pydantic V2 objects in some APIs (listed below), it's suggested that users keep using Pydantic V1 objects wait until LangChain 0.3.x.

Author: ```suggestion
While LangChain supports Pydantic V2 objects in some APIs (listed below), it's suggested that users keep using Pydantic V1 objects until LangChain 0.3 is released.
```

> keep using Pydantic V1 objects.

Author: ```suggestion
```
